Added documentation for basic components and widget (#2)
adobe/guides-extension: docs/docs/Widgets/basic_widget.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Widgets

Multiple basic components, as discussed (here) can be combined to make a widget. 
Widgets can be used to make a new "more complex" component, or give structure to items of a component.

Let's dive into the concept of a widget!

We will start by making a simple widget to display a list of languages.

```js title="basicWidget.js"

const widgetJSON =  {
    component: "div", 
    id: "widget_languages", 
    items: [ // adding components to the widget
        {
            component: "div",
            items: [
                {
                    component: "icon",
                    icon: "info"
                },
                {
                    component: "label",
                    label: "List of some languages"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            component: "list",
            data: "@languages",
            itemConfig: {
                component: "label"
            }
        }
    ]
},
```

> Here, `@languages` is an array defined in the corresponding controller of `widget_languages` as: ["English", "French", "Hindi", "Spanish", "Urdu"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, `@languages` is an array defined in the model of `widget_languages` as: ["English", "French", "Hindi", "Spanish", "Urdu"]
```
